Li Cheng Tam, we give you a task.
After the Non-Spoken agent cleans up the Non-Spoiled Trach
From you to Egret International
Do you want it?
Yes.
The shopkeeper was willing to make his subordinates rich.
Subordinates pray to the liver and brain to apply soil
People don't distinguish very well.
At that time I will give Li Bu Yan the evidence of the killing of Trac Bu Fan.
It's only because of you that Cao Yi stands out.
Meaning of body destruction
You are like my enemy.
I'll pay with your life.
No, sad.
Do you think I will forget the humiliation and shame you caused me?
I'm telling you.
I'll give it back to you a hundredfold.
Your Majesty, can you cheer up a little?
What's wrong with you?
You don't have to care.
Give it back to me, have you forgotten the companies in Beijing?
They are all waiting for you to do justice.
His Majesty Trac Bu Phan
Your right policy to steal the enemy
Announce your arrest.